source_emails/denying_request_good/denying_request_good_template.md, before:

| words and phrases to consider   |   |   |   |   |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| I appreciate your patience  | If I were in your position, I would feel just as you do  | What would be the best case scenario for you?  | Definitely  | Surely  |
| Thank you for remaining positive | I would be asking the same questions you are  | If I understand you correctly  | Absolutely  | Assure  |
| Your business means a lot to us  | You are totally right  | Understand  | Gladly  | Terrific  |

#### On Aug 19, 2017, at 12:43 PM, customerOne <customerOne@wakaru.com> wrote:

Hey!

I bought one of your surf boards last week and have unfortunately dented it already. Is there any way the repair can be covered under the warranty? I have the receipt handy.

Thanks!

*Customer One*

#### From: customerServiceOne <customerServiceOne@wakaru.com> Date: Saturday, August 19, 2017 at 4:54 PM
#### To: customerOne <customerOne@wakaru.com> Subject: Re: Surf Board Repair

POSSIBLE RESPONSE

```text
Hi Customer One,

I'm sorry to hear your board was dented, that is very frustrating.

Could you provide me with the transaction number on the receipt? I will check
our system and let you know what the warranty policy on your board is.

Thank you for taking the time to email us.
```

#### On Aug 20, 2017, at 9:19 AM, customerOne <customerOne@wakaru.com> wrote:

Hi Customer Service One,

My transaction number is #123456789. Let me know if you need anymore information!

Thanks.

Customer One

#### From: customerServiceOne <customerServiceOne@wakaru.com> Date: Sunday, August 20, 2017 at 3:15 PM
#### To: customerOne <customerOne@wakaru.com> Subject: Re: Surf Board Repair

POSSIBLE RESPONSE
```text
Hi Customer One,

Unfortunately we cannot cover the cost of the repair, but we will
gladly expedite the repair of your board.

Are you able to bring the board to our repair shop sometime this week?
We will work as hard as we can to get it back to you as soon as possible.

Thank you for your patience and let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.

Commit message:

reworked templates to have multiple answers for one question to be inline with the new google surveys, which only have one question

source_emails/denying_request_good/denying_request_good_template.md, after:

| words and phrases to consider   |   |   |   |   |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| I appreciate your patience  | If I were in your position, I would feel just as you do  | What would be the best case scenario for you?  | Definitely  | Surely  |
| Thank you for remaining positive | I would be asking the same questions you are  | If I understand you correctly  | Absolutely  | Assure  |
| Your business means a lot to us  | You are totally right  | Understand  | Gladly  | Terrific  |

#### On Aug 19, 2017, at 12:43 PM, customerOne <customerOne@wakaru.com> wrote:

Hey!

I bought one of your surf boards last week and have unfortunately severely dented it already. Is there any way you can cover the repair cost? I'm not sure if I purchased a warranty or not. I have the receipt handy (transaction #123456789).

Thanks!

*Customer One*

#### From: customerServiceOne <customerServiceOne@wakaru.com> Date: Saturday, August 19, 2017 at 4:54 PM
#### To: customerOne <customerOne@wakaru.com> Subject: Re: Surf Board Repair

POSSIBLE RESPONSES

```text
Hi Customer One,

I'm sorry to hear your board was dented, that is very frustrating.

Unfortunately we cannot cover the cost of the repair, but we can get you into the repair shop as soon as possible. If you can drop the board off in the next few days, we can try and get you back on the water for the weekend.

We also have rentals available if you have an immediate need for a board.

Thank you for your patience and understanding.
```

```text
Hi Customer One,

Unfortunately we cannot cover the cost of the repair, but we will
gladly expedite the repair of your board.

Are you able to bring the board to our repair shop sometime this week?
We will work as hard as we can to get it back to you as soon as possible.

Thank you for your patience and let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
```
